Yo
Here you are, you wimp
I will move, I will move, how dare you go?
You little beast
How dare you hit me?
If you dare to hit my concubine, you will die.
Bullying my parents
How dare you show up in front of me
What are you so arrogant about?
Don't make trouble, sister-in-law, calm down
Xiaoyun, he didn't mean it, I bah
Wait to die
My big brother Su Hu will be here soon.
Wait for him to clean you up
How did it go?
No more pain, no more pain
It doesn't hurt, that little beast, are you deaf?
Can you hear what I'm saying?
Hu Ma, don't be angry.
He's just a dog outside, right?
Dogs don't rely on people
Dogs look down on people
Really unpromising
He actually treated me like a dog
But it pays us 5 million
I'm going to be disappointed
He is an abandoned wild dog
Trash, you don't know yet
Your mistress has long since left Jiangcheng
I didn't want to take you at all
See how crazy you are
And trash
I have something for him to do
Of course he wants money.
As for 5 million me a phone call
Let's send it to me.
But what are you?
You can have my money
kill for life
debt repayment
Boss, my little sister just asked you to lose money.
Dare not pay